gh-122559: Synchronize C and Python implementation of the io module about pickling (#122628)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-08-02-20-01-36.gh-issue-122559.2JlJr3.rst

Remove :meth:`!__reduce__` and :meth:`!__reduce_ex__` methods that always
raise :exc:`TypeError` in the C implementation of :class:`io.FileIO`,
:class:`io.BufferedReader`, :class:`io.BufferedWriter` and

> :class:`io.BufferedRandom` and replace them with :meth:`!__getstatus__`
> methods that always raise :exc:`!TypeError`. This restores fine details of
> behavior of Python 3.11 and older versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`io.BufferedRandom` and replace them with default
:meth:`!__getstate__` methods that raise :exc:`!TypeError`.
This restores fine details of behavior of Python 3.11 and older versions.
```
